Updated last updated dates for content pages - removed usage of git Last Modified (#219)
HO-CTO/engineering-guidance-and-standards: docs/patterns/pattern.template.md

layout: pattern
order: 1
title: Pattern title

> date: 2023-12-31 # use last updated date

Reviewer: I think we want to be clearer on exactly what date this should be (and same across all the templates)
```suggestion
date: 2023-12-31 # this should be the date that the content was most recently amended or formally reviewed
```

layout: pattern
order: 1
title: Pattern title
date: 2023-12-31 # this should be the date that the content was most recently amended or formally reviewed
# use `tags: []` for no tags, "Patterns" tag is included automatically 
# Check https://ho-cto.github.io/engineering-guidance-and-standards/tags/ for existing tags

> # Note: tags must match capitalisation of previously used tags
> tags:
>   - TAG 1
>   - TAG 2

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Note: tags must use sentence case capitalisation
tags:
  - Tag one
  - Tag two
```

Author: I updated the principle and standard template with the same amendment, too.
